README.md, before:

# Netflix Clone

A Netflix-inspired web application built with ReactJS, Axios, and TMDb API, showcasing dynamic movie rows, a banner section, a scroll-responsive navbar, and movie trailers.

---

## Features
- Displays rows of movies fetched dynamically from the TMDb API.
- Interactive banner with background images and movie descriptions.
- Scroll-responsive navbar.
- Movie trailer popups using the YouTube API.

---

## Technologies Used
- **ReactJS**: Component-based architecture for building UI.
- **Axios**: For fetching data from the TMDb API.
- **CSS**: For styling the UI.
- **TMDb API**: To fetch movie data.
- **YouTube API**: For playing movie trailers.

---

## Installation
1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-repository/netflix-clone.git
    cd netflix-clone
    ```
2. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
   
3. Start the development server:
    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

---

## Notes
This project is for educational purposes only. It does not aim to replicate the Netflix platform entirely.

Commit message:

Update README.md to add live demo link

README.md, after:

# Netflix Clone

A Netflix-inspired web application built with ReactJS, Axios, and TMDb API, showcasing dynamic movie rows, a banner section, a scroll-responsive navbar, and movie trailers.

---

## Live Demo

To view the live version of this project, simply click on the link below:

[View the Netflix Clone](https://netflix-clone-mocha-psi.vercel.app/)

---

## Features
- Displays rows of movies fetched dynamically from the TMDb API.
- Interactive banner with background images and movie descriptions.
- Scroll-responsive navbar.
- Movie trailer popups using the YouTube API.

---

## Technologies Used
- **ReactJS**: Component-based architecture for building UI.
- **Axios**: For fetching data from the TMDb API.
- **CSS**: For styling the UI.
- **TMDb API**: To fetch movie data.
- **YouTube API**: For playing movie trailers.

---

## Installation
1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-repository/netflix-clone.git
    cd netflix-clone
    ```
2. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
   
3. Start the development server:
    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

---

## Notes
This project is for educational purposes only. It does not aim to replicate the Netflix platform entirely.
